How To Install Git on Ubuntu

1.installing via Apt-get
     sudo apt-get install git-core

or

2.Install git from source 
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install libcurl4-gnutls-dev libexpat1-dev gettext libz-dev libssl-dev build-essential

    Download the latest version of git 

    wget https://git-core.googlecode.com/files/git-1.8.1.2.tar.gz

    Untar the file

    tar -zxf git-1.8.1.2.tar.gz
    cd git-1.8.1.2

    
If you want to do a global install, install it once as yourself and once as root, using the sudo prefix: 

make prefix=/usr/local all
sudo make prefix=/usr/local install
 
 
Updating the git in future

git clone git://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/git/git.git





How to setup git 


Opening it following a fresh Git install would reveal a completely blank page:
sudo nano ~/.gitconfig

You can use the follow commands to add in the required information.
git config --global user.name "NewUser"
git config --global user.email newuser@example.com







Bit bucket api

The Bitbucket REST API allows third-party application developers the means for writing applications for the Bitbucket service. 
 REST API is based on open standards, you can use any web development language to access the API.
 Using the API, users can sign in and grant your application the right to make calls on their behalf.
Application can access Bitbucket resources such as an individual (or team) account, repositories, and aspects of these resources such as changesets or comments. 


Supported endpoints and their resources

Users

         account - Gets information related to an account.
        email     - Manages the email address associated with an account.
         Invitation -Manages the invitations sent by an account.
        Oauth     -Manages the consumers associated with an account





Repositories

           Changeset        
Manage changesets for a repository.
          deploy-keys         
Manage ssh keys for deploying product builds.
           events       
Track events on a public repository.
          Folloers        
Lists the accounts following a repository.
           issues       
Manage an issue tracker and the issues associated with it.
           Links
         
Manage integrations with JIRA, Bamboo, and custom link resources.
pul lrequests
Manage the comments and likes associated with pull request comments.


















